Clue 1: Video footage from an ATM security camera (blurry, but does give some details)
	Known: Suspect is a male and tall (at least 6')

Clue 2: A wallet was found (believed to be the killer's - really very sloppy on the part of the criminal)
	Known: 	no ID
					loose change - no bills presumably
					membership cards
						AAA
						Delta SkyMiles
						Terminal City Library
						Museum of Bash History
					cards are untraceable and do not have a name on them

Clue 3: Barista at coffee shop said that there was a potential witness to the crime.
	Known: 	witness was a woman who left right before shots were heard.
					had a latte with the name Annabel written on the cup (took this spelling for what it was. Assumed coffee shop in question was not SBUX 	where spelling can be dubious.)
					described as having blond, spiky hair and having a New Zealand accent.

First step was to find Annabel. There are two people who have the name Annabel who are women in the Terminal City area. First is Annabel Sun and the second is Annabel Church. Annabel Sun was interviewed and she is not the Annabel we are looking for, as she has brown hair and has no accent. Annabel Church was concluded to have been the witness. She was interviewed and said that she did not see the killer, but did see the vehicle the killer was driving.
	Known: Blue, Honda, lic. starting L337 ending in 9.

Second step was to search for matches for the car described by Ms Church at the Terminal City DMV. Several cars were found that matched that description.
	The following people have cars that match that description, but were ruled out:
		Erika Owens - is a female, killer is male
		Heather Billings - is a female, killer is male
		Aron Pilhofer - is a male, however is too short to be the man in the video
	The following people have cars that match the description and were followed up on:
		Mike Bostock
		Jeremy Bowers
		Joe Germuska
		**all of these suspects are male and are tall enough to potentially be the man in the video.

Third step was to figure out who, if any, of these suspects has memberships at the places we found the cards for.
	Known: Associations were: AAA, Delta Sky Miles, Terminal City Library, Museum of Bash History.

	The associations were very helpful and provided current membership lists. Based on these lists, only two of the three suspects have memberships at all four places, Mike Bostock and Jeremy Bowers. Joe Germuska was ruled out because he does not have a membership to the Museum of Bash History (not sure why, he's really missing out).

Fourth step was to locate the locations of both Mike Bostock and Jeremy Bowers.
	Mike Bostock was located and he alibi'ed out. He was out of town at the time of the shooting and has receipts to prove his whereabouts.
	Jeremy Bowers was not at home. Neighbors say he may have recently left for a trip, which is highly suspicious.

It is this detective's conclusion that the suspect we are looking for is: Jeremy Bowers. Considering that he's on the loose, we should probably get back to work and find him!

